DOC-162 - updated continuous retry description (#1813)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/enterprise/node/setup/corda-configuration-fields.md

    * The password for TLS TrustStore.
    * *Default:* not defined
* `messagingServerConnectionConfiguration`
  * Mode used when setting up the Artemis client. Supported modes are: 

>     * **DEFAULT:** 5 initial connect attempts, 5 reconnect attempts in case of failure, starting retry interval of 5 seconds with an exponential back-off multiplier of 1.5 for up to 3 minutes retry interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **DEFAULT:** Five initial connect attempts, five reconnect attempts in case of failure, starting retry interval of five seconds with an exponential back-off multiplier of one and a half for up to three minutes retry interval.
```
I spell out numbers lower than 10, I know Colin did too but not sure how consistent it is throughout the docs.

    * **FAIL_FAST**: No initial attempts, no reconnect attempts.

>     * **CONTINUOUS_RETRY**: Infinite initial and reconnect attempts, starting retry interval of 5 seconds with an exponential back-of multiplier of 1.5 up for up to 5 minutes retry interval. Using 'CONTINUOUS_RETRY' does not mean that a node will keep retrying until it connects to the destination node. Rather, this is about connections to - and only for - an external HA Artemis client. Connected to an internal Artemis client will work. Note that an embedded Artemis client runs with node's TLS key, not with a shareable key like external Artemis. Also CONTINUOUS_RETRY does not work for other Artemis bug reasons so the node disconnects from the external Artemis client and the node dies. We do guarantee trying to connect to an external Artemis client repeatedly on a fresh start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **CONTINUOUS_RETRY**: Infinite initial and reconnect attempts, starting retry interval of five seconds with an exponential back-of multiplier of one and a half up for up to five minutes retry interval. Using 'CONTINUOUS_RETRY' does not mean that a node will keep retrying until it connects to the destination node. Rather, this is about connections to - and only for - an external HA Artemis client. Connected to an internal Artemis client will work. Note that an embedded Artemis client runs with node's TLS key, not with a shareable key like external Artemis. Also, CONTINUOUS_RETRY does not work for other Artemis bug reasons so the node disconnects from the external Artemis client and the node dies. We do guarantee trying to connect to an external Artemis client repeatedly on a fresh start.
```
